[Music]
hey
what's up guys today i am going to recap
the story of the movie the pyramid 2014.
make sure to hit the subscribe button we
come to know that egypt pyramid has a
curse centuries ago as the movie starts
and the workers on these tombs used to
be a victim of this curse facing the
worst consequences
so many scientists archaeologists and
researchers have always avoided these
pyramids
archaeologists are those who search on
the ancient and the desolated buildings
but archaeologists discover about such a
pyramid through nasa after a long time
which was buried thousands feet below
the earth
it means this pyramid has its own space
under the ground
and the uniqueness of this pyramid was
the difference of its shape with its
ancientness
other pyramids used to have four sides
but this pyramid was three-sided
discovery stirs the ideas of people and
they desire to know about this pyramid
but egyptians cannot allow a research on
these pyramids believing on that curse
because they think that researching on
them may bring a devastating curse
and protesting it egyptians come on the
road to stop it so that pyramids may not
come under reserve
being logical archaeologists take
approval from their government
and they start digging near the pyramid
after taking consent
basically this archaeological team is
composed of five members and it is lead
by dr miles
dr miles daughter nora is also the
member of this team including other
members
the whole team is excited having the
advanced equipment
they have also the availability of
satellite support and planetary surface
exploration device provided by nasa
digging continues while digging a gas is
burst from there which is piesness
this gas covers the workers face and
body and takes his life
all other workers are frightened because
of the death of this worker
they have heard about this curse and
their belief is strengthened as they
should keep themselves away from these
pyramids
as being logical dr miles nora and other
team members don't believe on such myths
dr miles want to take advancement in
this work but the protesters start more
protesting due to the death of this
worker
they say it is a beginning these
protestant want to stop this work of
digging
so this protesting may lead to the civil
war
on the other side american government
representative is contacting online with
dr miles
seniors suggest doctor mile you should
stop working and return back to your
country
because egypt government will ban your
work forcefully if it continues
so it is better to return after stopping
research
hearing it dr miles and his team feel
disturbed because they have planned and
worked on it
leaving this research in the mid does
not make sense for them
finally it is decided to return back
stopping this research
further we notice that dr miles daughter
nora does not want
to take her step back but to accomplish
this research
she says to her team members while
convincing we should at least go in the
pyramid to check how is it different for
mothers
why is it three-sided why is it spread
under the ground
we should at least check going
underground her team is convinced by her
so they send a robotic car to check the
pyramid for exploration
and they may find out its uniqueness we
also notice the uniqueness of this
pyramids from other pyramids when
robotic car is moving inside of it
as it has been made for a special
purpose while advancing
something attacks on the robotic car
consequently it goes offline and the
camera connection is
lost now they cannot see the interior
side
they all suppose outside that any dog or
animal would have gone inside the
pyramid and attack our robotic car
disconnecting the camera
basically this expensive robotic car was
given to them by nasa
so they did not want to leave it inside
as it is
the wanted to take it back before
returning and they also desired for more
exploration
the government had banned them so they
also have a shortage of time
we also notice the presence of military
here for keeping an eye over the
scientists as they may not take step
against law and return back
so they plan to enter the pyramid hiding
themselves from military and will bring
back their robotic
car they all plan for going inside
it means get harmed no one outside will
know is where have they gone
before going inside they bind a thin
wire with a stick outside and take the
other side of wire with them
basically the purpose behind it is as
they may not lose the right track while
returning
returning path may be tracked easily
through this wire
now all enter inside moving ahead they
find three similar paths
one way is leading upside and there are
placed the ancient egyptians weapons on
the upside leading way
these were used in the old times while
conversing
nora comes to know that her father dr
miles tied wire has broken
it was most disturbing situation because
their chosen way to come had the
similarity with the other three ways
cutting of wire is going to create a
biggest problem for them
actually he was only dr miles who had
attached the wire with him
they have no clue of returning because
of the breakage of wire
they come to these three ways and each
way contains a separate symbol
taking a chance they choose a way they
don't find a beacon of light
even after a long walk on it so they
know that their chosen way is wrong one
they are not going towards exit but
entering in the pyramid more
while walking they reach a big hall
where they also catch the sight of their
broken robotic car
at the same time stones begin falling
from its roof
as a result ground is cracked and they
also begin to fall down
their partner is also wounded dr miles
nora and team members try to free their
partner but remain
unsuccessful dr miles decide to rescue
their injured partner at any cost
suddenly a coming animal injures their
one of the team members with its claw
who is climbing up
as a result that climber has fallen down
getting injuries
and all are disappointed thinking they
have been trapped in this pyramid
here they see a stone made door as
archaeological team
they have ability to read these symbols
then they read these symbols
here is written danger these symbols
indicate to not open the door
all are scared and also want to leave
this place so they ignore the written
symbols there
and they begin to try to open that door
opening the door
they finally move ahead they hear the
voice of these military officers who are
keeping an eye over them
these soldiers have come into pyramid in
order to take research team after
knowing the entry of them inside
these are the sounds of them meanwhile
the research team hears the scream of
their injured partner
when they come back to see their injured
partner named michelle
he has disappeared from there there are
his blood stains
something dragged him away and these
stains are visible
looking at it dr miles and nora are got
upset
they are unable to judge what is going
on
one of the members of this research team
begin to quarrel with dr miles and nora
he says which type of the doctor are you
as you cannot bring us out from this
pyramid
but this pyramid was very complicated in
reality
it was not an easy task to search the
exit anyhow
struggling to come outside they observe
a small tunnel where they are exerting
to leave this place
while passing that place they are
attacked by an animal which looks like a
wild cat
so they come outside after a great
difficulty through that small tunnel
coming outside the tunnel they encounter
a soldier there
he is among those soldiers who are on
duty to stop them
and the soldier who is rescuer is also
killed
the story's climax reveals when the
writer tells why these happening are
occurring in this pyramid
actually there is the dwelling of anubis
in the pyramid
anubis is god according to the greek
mythology who was expelled out from the
heaven for a cause
now this pyramid is the residence of
anubis it was also supreme who was
expelled from heaven
as a punishment and this pyramid is the
prison of anubis
every enterer in this prison is killed
by anubis
and there is a reason behind this
killing he will be able to free from
here if he searches a virtuous man
having a balance between his heart and
soul
finding such person he will get
salvation so he used to keep the human
being on a weighing balance scale after
killing him
he used to balance it keeping his heart
on one side of weighing balance scale
while the soul on other
so he may know the worthiness of that
person because all coming people in the
pyramid are sinful
and anubis is still imprisoned and dr
miles and his team members are begin to
die
in this pyramid gradually killing dr
miles
anubis does not find him virtuous when
he balances his heart and soul
in the end we see the daughter of dr
miles named nora who is near the light
and at ending of this tunnel
she notices a young boy as she is about
to step outside
nora is moving ahead hardly feeling much
tiredness
that young boy perhaps helping her to
come outside
anubis kills both nora and that young
boy coming there
and the story ends here please subscribe
and like if you like explanation
otherwise you can also watch other
videos on our channel